Update ADHD dataset in examples to MAIN (#1953)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/connectivity/functional_connectomes.rst

   :class: green

   Try using the information above to compute the correlation matrix of

>    the first subject of the movie watching-based brain development dataset

Reviewer: Same light suggestion:
```suggestion
   the first subject of the brain development dataset
```

The definition of regions as by a continuous probability map captures
better our imperfect knowledge of boundaries in brain images (notably
because of inter-subject registration errors). One example of such an

> atlas well suited to resting-state or movie-watching data analysis is

Reviewer: To generalize beyond movie-watching:
```suggestion
atlas well suited to resting-state or naturalistic-stimuli data analysis is
```
